3-6   Application Development Information
Rev. A
3.1.4  Various Utilities
We provide the utilities described below for developers of TM printer applications. You can 
obtain the utilities from one of the following URLs:
For customers from North America, go to the following web site: http://pos.epson.com/
For customers from other countries, go to the following web site: 
http://www.epson-pos.com/ 
Select the product name from the “Select any product” pull-down menu.
3.1.4.1  IP address setup utility for UB-E02
This utility and its detailed manual for developers allow you to set an IP address for a 10Base-T/
100Base-TX Ethernet interface installed in the TM printer. Customers who have purchased the 
Ethernet model TM printer need this utility.
3.1.4.2  Electronic logo storage utility for NVRAM
This utility is designed to save logos (bitmaps) to NVRAM (non-volatile RAM). By storing shop 
logos to NVRAM, the print speed can be increased.
3.1.4.3  USB interface ID code rewrite utility
This utility is designed to edit the identification code (ID) of a USB interface.
Note:
Each USB model TM printer has its own ID. So, two TM-88IIIs can be controlled independently from a 
host computer. Therefore, when replacing a TM printer that has been connected to a host computer with 
another printer (including same model), you must change the USB port in the printer driver on the host 
computer. Use of this utility, for example, frees you from changing the USB port in the printer driver.
3.2  Switches and Buttons
On this printer, you can disable or enable the paper FEED button. For details on how to switch 
between disabled or enabled, refer to the documentation for OPOS Advanced Printer Driver and 
ESC/POS commands, respectively. 
3.2.1  Paper FEED Button
The printer feeds paper based on the line spacing set by the control method (OPOS, Advanced 
Printer Driver, ESC/POS commands). However, you cannot feed paper using the paper FEED 
button under the following conditions:
•
When the roll paper cover is open.
•
When performing a self-test (Press the FEED button to stop the self-test and press it again 
to resume it).
•
When the paper FEED button has a function defined in a macro definition command 
(when ESC/POS commands are used).
