41 
Example  When setting Sunday filter of Alarm No. 1 
  /api/param?application.event(1).filter(sunday).status=on 
Example of Response  
 application.event(1).filter(sunday).status&202 Accepted(application.event(1).status=restart) 
Interpretation  Set filter setting of the alarm action for the specified alarm number. Up to 5 alarm actions can be 
specified, periodic FTP is assigned to event No.6, and pre/post FTP assigned to No.7. Therefore the number of 
event(number) can be set between the range of 1 to 7. Note that alarm numbers are different from the alarm input 
pin numbers. 
Specify sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday or saturday for WeekOfDay.  
Specify on to enable the filter, off to disable the filter. 
The changes to filter of alarm action is saved by /api/param?application.event(Number).status=restart. 
Allowed users  admin, operator 
 
Getting Alarm Filter Time 
Format  /api/param?application.event(Number).filter(WeekOfDay).time 
Example  When Getting Time of Sunday filter of Alarm No. 1 
   /api/param?application.event(1).filter(sunday).time 
Example of Response  application.event(1).filter(sunday).time=000000-240000&200 OK 
Interpretation  Acquire filter time of the alarm action for the specified alarm number. Up to 5 alarm actions can be 
specified, periodic FTP is assigned to event No.6, and pre/post FTP assigned to No.7. Therefore the number of 
event(number) can be set between the range of 1 to 7. Note that alarm numbers are different from the alarm input 
pin numbers. 
Specify sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday or saturday for WeekOfDay. Start time and end 
time is returned in the format like hhmmss-hhmmss. Start time can be from 000000 to 235959. End time can be 
from 000001 to 240000. 
Allowed users  admin, operator 
 
Setting Alarm Filter Time 
Format  /api/param?application.event(Number).filter(WeekOfDay).time=data 
Example  When setting Sunday filter time of Alarm No. 1 
  /api/param?application.event(1).filter(sunday).time=010200-040500 
Example of Response  
 application.event(1).filter(sunday).time&202 Accepted(application.event(1).status=restart) 
Interpretation  Set filter time of the alarm action for the specified alarm number. Up to 5 alarm actions can be 
specified, periodic FTP is assigned to event No.6, and pre/post FTP assigned to No.7. Therefore the number of 
event(number) can be set between the range of 1 to 7. Note that alarm numbers are different from the alarm input 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 
