Setting Up Your RS-232-CPlotter:
a Checklist
The following steps should be followed when interfacing the 7470
plotter with a computer using an RS-232-Cinterface.
1. Determine which installation and operating environment, described
in the first few pages of this chapter, matches your system.
Check that you have the required cables and connect the plotter as
pictured in the section which describes the environment chosen in
step 1. Information necessary when constructing your own cable is
found in the section Connecting the RS-232-CInterface.
Determine if parity checking is used on your system and set the rear
panel parity switches s1 and s2 accordingly. Refer to the 7470Opera­
tor’s Manual.
Determine the baud rate at which your computer sends data and set
the rear panel switches B1through 34 accordingly. Refer to the 7470
Operator’s Manual.
Determine which handshake your system uses. The four kinds of
handshakes are described in the section entitled Handshaking. Note
which device control instructions are used to establish that hand­
shake. Since handshaking is often a function of your operating
system, you may need to refer to the manuals for your computer to
determine which parameters you must set and to what values.
In the last part of this chapter, read about the instructions you will
use to set up the handshake you have chosen.
Plotter Environments
There are three possible ways to position the 7470plotter in a computer
system. They are described in the following pages; you need only read
the section which applies to your system.
Once the plotter has been connected in a system, it can be placed in an
operating state. The operating states which can be accessed in a given
environment are described in the operation section for each of the three
environments.
Using a Plotter Directly Connected to a Computer
Mainframe or Personal Computer
Installation
In this type of system, the plotter is connected directly to a computer
and is usually adjacent to it. Entry to the computer is by a keyboard or
10-2
RS-232-C/CCITT V.24INTERFACING
