How to Use the Examples in This Manual
The examples in this manual are designed primarily to show the use of
the instruction with which they appear. New programmers are strongly
encouraged to enter and run all examples. When the example consists
of only a few HP-GL commands, these commands are listed in quotes.
No line numbers or BASIC statements are included. The literal string
listed should be sent to the plotter; the quotation marks only serve to
delimit the string and are included because many computer languages
deﬁne literal strings by placing them inside quotation marks. Do not
send the quotation marks to the plotter.
Longer examples are given as programs or program segments in
BASIC. The programs will run only if the plotter has been deﬁned as
the system printer. Since the statement to do this is highly system­
dependent, it is not included (except in Chapter 8). Unless speciﬁc
mention is made in the text, the BASIC used is that of the HP-83/85.
You may need to make slight changes in the BASIC statements for
them to run on your computer. You may also need an I/O ROM to
obtain output from the plotter. Check with the nearest HP dealer or HP
Sales and Support Ofﬁce. If you are operating in an RS-232-Cenviron­
ment, you will need to establish handshaking protocol and include the
necessary devicecontrol statements in your program.
If you are programming in another language, substitute the output or
input commands of your language for the BASIC statements PRINT
and ENTER. Change FOR...NEXT loops and replacement statements
(X= 3.14)to whatever statements are comparable in your language. All
characters enclosed in quotes in the program listing must be sent to the
computer using output statements; in addition, some variables, which
are not included in quotes, may need to be sent.
Refer to Chapter 9 for some examples of complete simple programs to
send and receive information between the plotter and speciﬁc com­
puters in an HP—IBenvironment.
The Interconnection
Guide (07470­
90003)has some examples of sending HP-GL commands from speciﬁc
computers; there are examples
using
RS-232-C, HP—IB,and HP-IL
interfaces in that document.
The Default Instruction, DF
DESCWPTWN The default instruction,
DF, sets certain plotter func­
tions to a predeﬁned state.
The instruction can be used to return the plotter to a known
state while maintaining the same settings of P1 and P2. This assures
that unwanted graphics parameters such as character size, slant, or
scaling are not inherited from another program but that the positions
of P1 and P2 remain unchanged.
l-10
GETTING STARTED
