Manual Summary
Chapter 1: Getting Started
Contains information concerning manual usage, a description of the
plotter, its interfaces, the HP—GLlanguage, and three instructions.
Chapter 2: Establishing Boundaries and Units
Explains the concept of plotting area, plotter and user units, scaling,
and the instructions used to set and output the scaling points and
window, and to scale the plotting area.
Chapter 3: Controlling the Pen and Plotting
Describes the instructions for pen control and vector plotting.
Chapter 4: Enhancing the Plot
Describesinstructions for drawing tick marks and differentiating traces.
Chapter 5: Labeling
Describes the instructions used in labeling to set direction, size, and
slant of characters, as well as instructions for character set and label
terminator selection and for designing your own characters.
Chapter 6: Digitizing
Describes the instructions used to digitize with the plotter and demon­
strates how to check for the presence of a digitized point.
Chapter 7: Obtaining Information from the Plotter
Describes the instructions used to obtain information about pen posi­
tion, errors, and capabilities of the plotter.
Chapter 8: Putting the Commands to Work
A step-by—stepexample illustrating
the procedures to be followed to
draw labels and plot data using HP-GLinstructions.
Chapter 9: HP-IB Interfacing
Summarizes operation of the plotter with the Hewlett-Packard Interface
Bus (HP-IB)and explains the methods for addressing and sending and
receiving data over the interface bus.
Chapter 10: RS-232-C/CCITT V.24Interfacing
Describes how to connect the plotter with a terminal and/ or computer,
summarizes the methods for establishing a handshake protocol be­
tween the plotter and computer, and explains the device control instruc­
tions that are used to set up and control the handshake protocol.
Chapter 11: HP-IL Interfacing
.
Describes the Hewlett-Packard Interface Loop (HP-IL)and explains the
methods for sending and receiving data over the interface loop.
Appendix A: An HP-IB Overview
Provides an overview of the Hewlett-Packard Interface Bus (HP-IB).
ii
MANUAL SUMMARY
