Setting P1 and P2 Manually
P2 moves when P1 is moved manually. If you want P2 to be at a
specific location, set P1 first and then P2. If you want to establish an
area of a certain size onto which the parameters of a scale instruction
will be mapped, you may set P2 in the desired location relative to the
current P1, and then move P1. P2 will move to a corresponding location
so that both the X- and Y—distancesbetween P1 and P2 remain con­
stant. If such a move means the new location of P2 will be beyond the
plotting area, either or both coordinates of P2 are set to the plotting
limits. In this case, the size of the rectangle established by P1 and P2
will, of course, not remain the same. A detailed description, including
illustrations, is contained in the HP 7470Operator’s Manual.
To set P1 or P2 manually:
1. Move the pen to the desired location using the front panel arrow
buttons.
2. Press ENTERsimultaneously
with P1or P2. If ENTERis not held down,
the pen will merely move to P1 or P2 and no change in the location
of P1 or P2 will occur.
3. Check the new locations of the scaling points by pressing P1;then
press P2.
The In ut P1 and P2 Instruction, IP
P
DESCRIPTIONThe input P1 and P2 instruction,
IP, provides the
means to relocate P1 and P2 through program control.
NEE
The IP instruction is often used to ensure that a plot is always
the same size, especially when the user and programmer are not the
same person. It establishes program control of plot size and label direc­
tion. This instruction can also be used to move the scaling points P1
and P2 from their default or current locations; to give mirror images of
vectors and labels; to change the size of a user unit, thus reducing or
enlarging an image; to change the size or direction of labels when
relative character size or direction is in effect; and to set P1 and P2
back to their default locations.
SYNTAX IP
P1x,P1y (, P2x,P2y) (terminator)
01'
IP
(terminator)
The new coordinates of P1 and P2 are speciﬁed in the
order shown above and must be in absolute plotter units. Parameters
should be 2 O and within the maximum plotting area. This means
0 < X < 10 300 when the paper switch is set to US;0 < X < 10 900 if the
paper switch is set to A4;and OS Y < 7650for either setting.
2-4
ESTABLISHING BOUNDARIES AND UNITS
