EXPLANAHUNNo parameters
are used. Any parameters which follow
the instruction are ignored and the standard set is selected.An alpha­
betic parameter will be interpreted as the ﬁrst letter of the next
mnemonic and may, therefore, cause an error 1 to occur after execution
ofthe SS instruction.
The standard ASCII character set (set 0) is automatically selected
when the plotter is ﬁrst turned on, initialized, or set to default values.
The standard set can be selected within a label command by sending
the ASCII control character for shift—in(decimal equivalent 15).
The Select Alternate Set Instruction, SA
DESCRIPHUN The select alternate
set instruction,
SA, provides the
means of selecting the alternate set designated by the most recent CA
instruction as the character set to be used for all labeling.
The command may be used to shift from the currently desig­
nated standard character set to the currently designated alternate
character set to access characters in a second set. Sending the control
character shift-out inside a label string is equivalent to executing this
command.
SYNTAX SA
(terminator)
EXPLANAHUNN0 parameters
are used. Any parameters which follow
the instruction are ignored and the alternate set is selected.An alpha­
betic parameter will be interpreted as the ﬁrst letter of the next
mnemonic and may, therefore, cause an error 1 to occur following execu­
tion of the SA instruction.
The command should be executed prior to executing a label statement
whenever the alternate character set is to be used. The alternate set can
be selected within a label command by sending the ASCII control char­
acter for shift-out (decimal equivalent 14). Shift-in and shift-out are
particularly useful when a line of text must be composed with symbols
from two character sets.
The following commands label using two different character sets where
the underline is drawn with and without a backspace. The shift-out
character is used to change from the standard to the alternate set.
" SP2 ; CSO; CF14; SS; l_BS_E_T_O__%S_E_T_-'4__§"
S_E__T_D_SEI_4_
LABELING
5-5
