For First Encounters with the 7470
If you have just received your HP 7470, read the Operator’s Manual
and the Interconnection Guide before attempting to operate the plotter.
After inspecting your plotter, its power cord, and accessories as
described in the Operator’s Manual, refer to the appropriate chapter of
this manual for initial setup and addressing or handshaking protocol
for your configuration.
RS-232—Cusers should read Chapter 10, HP—IB
users should read Chapter 9, and HP—ILusers should read Chapter 11.
For First Encounters with HP-GL
If you have never programmed in HP-GL,after reading the interfacing
chapter, read Chapters 1 through 5 in order. These chapters describe
the instructions you will use in almost every application. Running the
examples given with the instructions will help you learn. Next, read
Chapter 8 to see how all the instructions work together in a program.
When you have an application requiring
digitizing or plotter output,
read Chapters 6 and 7.
For Experienced HP-GLProgrammers
If you are an experienced HP-GL programmer, you may find Appendix
B of this manual or the Reference Card most helpful. Since there are
I differences in syntax between this and other plotters, you should read
Chapter 1 of this manual before programming. The 7470 has added
capabilities not found in earlier plotters. Among these are the ability to
plot to non—integeruser—unitvalues, to mirror labels using negative size
and direction parameters, and to output the current window values. To
understand these differences, you need to read the sections on scaling
(SC, Chapter 2);plotting (PA and PR, Chapter 3),and setting label size
and direction in Chapter 5. In the instruction set summary in Appendix
B, page numbers for the complete description are listed with each
instruction.
Understanding Manual Conventions and Syntax
Before reading any part of this manual, you should understand the
meaning of type styles, symbols, and number representation used in
text. A detailed explanation of syntax symbols is given in the section
entitled HP-GL Syntax in this chapter and Command Syntax for
Device Control Instructions in Chapter 10. The following conventions
also apply. Words typed in small boldface type are either buttons,
switches, or words actually found on the plotter or computer. Headings
in
typeareusedtohelplocatespecificpartsofthewriteupof
an instruction.
type in a smaller size is used to denote a single
ASCII character which should be sent to the plotter. Numbers are
typed using SI (International System of Units) standards; numbers
with more than four digits are placed in groups of three, separated by a
GETTING STARTED
I-3
