The Pen Instructions, PU and PD
DE3cRlP-“UN The pen up instruction, PU, and the pen down instruc­
tion, PD, raise and lower the pen.
m
The instructions are used to raise and lowerthe pen during
plotting. They may be used with parameters to plot or move to the
points speciﬁed by the parameters.
SYNTAX PU
(terminator)
or
PD
(terminator)
and
PU
X,Y(,...)(terminator)
or
PD
X,Y(,...)(terminator)
EXPLANATIONWhen no parameters
are included, the pen up instruc­
tion, PU, raises the pen without moving it to a new location. The pen
down instruction, PD, lowers the pen without moving it to a new
location, if the pen is within the window. If parameters are included,
the pen will move, in order, to the X,Ycoordinates specified. The coor­
dinates are interpreted as plotter units if scaling is offand user units if
scaling is on. Moves are either relative or absolute, depending on
whether a PA or PR was the last plot command executed.
If parameters are included, both coordinates of an X,Ycoordinate pair
must be given. An odd number of parameters will set an error condi­
tion, but all X,Ypairs which precede the unmatched parameter will be
plotted.For a description of the PU and PD commands with parameters,
refer to The Plot Absolute Instruction, PA, and The Plot Relative
Instruction, PR, which follow.
NOTE:The plotter has an automatic pen lift feature which will lift the
pen after it has been in the pen—downstate for 55 seconds and no pen­
down plot commands or label commands have been sent to the plotter
or no front-panel pen—downmoves have been made for 55 seconds. I
The Select Pen Instruction, SP
DESCRIPHDN The select pen instruction, SP, selects and/ or stores one
of the two pens.
The instruction is used to load a pen into the pen holder so
that drawing will occur. It can be used to select a pen of a different
color or width, during the plotting program. It can be used with a zero
parameter or no parameter to store the pen currently in the pen holder
into its stall at the end of a program.
3-2
CONTROLLING THE PEN AND PLOTTING
