The Input WindowInstruction, IW
DESCRIPTION The input window instruction,
IW, provides the means
to restrict programmed pen motion to a rectangular area of the plotting
surface. This area is called the “window.”
E
Theinstructioncan be usedto establish a hard cliparea, i.e.,
restrict plotting to a certain area of the paper. The instruction is
especially useful when your data should fall in a certain range but your
scaling is larger (perhaps you have left room for labels) and you don’t
want lines outside the normal data area. It is also useful when hatching
(shading) rectangular areas.
IW Xlowerleft,Ylowerleft,Xupperright,Yupperright(terminator)
01'
I W (terminator)
EXPLANATIONParameters
are always
interpreted
as plotter units.
When four parameters are included, the hard clip limits are set accord­
ing to the parameters. If no parameters are included, the hard clip
limits are set to the maximum plotting area. That area was determined
by the setting of the rear—pane1paper switch as read when the plotter
was last initialized by either power up, front—panelreset, or execution of
an IN command.
The four parameters
specify, in absolute plotter units, the X—and
Y—coordinatesof the lower-left and upper-right corners of the window
area. The parameters should be positive and less than or equal to
10 900 or 10300 for X (depending on the setting of the paper switch)
and less than 7650for Y.Parameters between -32 768 and 0 are set to 0,
and parameters larger than the limits of the absolute plotting area but
less than 32 767 are set to 10 300 or 10 900 for X and 7650 for Y.If Xlower
leftis greater than Xupperright or Ylowerleftis greater than Yupperright, no
error is set but no plotting can occur.
At power on, or when an IN or DF command is executed, the window is
automatically set to the current mechanical limits i.e., maximum plot­
ting area. The window set by DF may not correspond with the current
setting of the paper switch if the setting has been changed since power
on, a front—panelreset, or the last IN command was executed.
ESTABLISHING BOUNDARIES AND UNITS
2-9
