PR
X1increment, Y1increment(,X2 increment,Y2
increment,..., Xn increment, Yn increment) (terminator)
or
PR
(terminator)
Recommended parameters are in integer format be­
tween -32 768.0000 and 32 767.9999. Their plotter unit equivalents
should also be in the same range. When scaling is off, parameters are
truncated to integers in the manner described under the plot absolute
instruction. When scaling is on, any fractional portion of a parameter
is used.
‘
A PR command requires that both increments of an X,Ypair be given.
An odd number of parameters will set an error condition but all X,Y
pairs which precede the unmatched parameter will be plotted.
The X—incrementspecifies, in either plotter units or user units, the
number of units the pen will move in the direction of the X—axis.The
Y—incrementspecifies, in either plotter units or user units, the number
of units the pen will move in the direction of the Y—axis.The sign of the
parameter determines the direction of movement; a positive value
moves the pen in the positive direction and a negative value moves the
pen in the negative direction. If scaling is on, both parameters are inter­
preted as user units. If scaling is off,both parameters are interpreted as
plotter units.
The mnemonics PU and PD can be included ahead of, between, or after
X,Yincrement pairs. PU lifts the pen; PD lowers the pen. Any number
of increment pairs, as well as PU or PD mnemonics, (limited only by
the ability of the controller to output without a line feed character) can
be listed after the PR instruction. The placement of optional or required
separators and the terminator is the same as for the PAinstruction.
If no pen control parameter is given, the pen will assume the pen state
(up or down) of the previous statement. The PU or PD mnemonics can
also be substituted for the PR (or PA) mnemonic. This is equivalent to
having PU; or PD; preceding the PR or PA command. Since the power­
on default is absolute plotting mode, a PR instruction must be executed
before parameters of PD or PU commands will be interpreted as X,Y
increments. Relative plotting mode is cancelled by execution of a PA,
IN, or DF instruction.
The pen moves and draws lines only within the currently deﬁned
window. Refer to The Input Window Instruction, IW, Chapter 1. Draw­
ing of vectors in relation to the window is as described under the PA
instruction.
The plotter discards parameters which are out of range or whose plotter
unit equivalent would be out of range if the indicated move were made.
CONTROLLING THE PEN AND PLOTTING
3-9
