4. The clock pulse must be a logic on of +2 V < V < 25 V and a logic off
of -25 V < V < +0.8 V (3.5kﬂinput impedance).
5. Care should be taken to keep the transmission lines as short as
possible to minimize transmission line reﬂection noise.
Stop Bits
The plotter is configured to automatically verify or generate one or two
stop bits, depending on the setting of the plotter’s baud rate switches.
Refer to the 7470AOperator’s Manual for more information.
Transmission Errors
Transmission errors occur when communication between the computer
and plotter is incomplete or does not conform to what is expected or
required by either party.
Transmission errors include:
0 Framing error —the plotter does not detect a valid stop bit at the end
of every character.
0 Parity error —the plotter does not detect the expected parity (odd or
even).
0 Overrun error —a plotter instruction writes over another instruction.
0 Buffer overﬂow error —the plotter receives more bytes of data than it
has space for in the buffer.
When the plotter detects a framing, parity, or overrun error, it turns on
the front panel ERRORlight and sets error code 15. This error code
generally indicates that the communication incompatibility is hardware
related (incorrect stop bit jumper installation, wrong parity selection,
incompatible or incorrectly set baud rates, etc.).
When the plotter detects a buffer overﬂow, it turns on the front panel
ERRORlight and sets error code 16. The last HP—GLdata that caused the
overﬂow will be lost. Error code 16 generally indicates an improperly
established handshake protocol.
The ERRORlight remains on until either the user interrogates the plotter
via an output extended error command, ESC . E, and the plotter re­
sponds with the appropriate error code,or the user turns the plotter off,
or an HP—GLinitialization instruction, IN, is processed, or a front—panel
reset occurs.
A complete list of error codes is included with the discussion of the
ESC . E instruction.
RS-232—C/CCITTV.24INTERFACING
10-13
