Bus Commands
Reaction to Bus Commands DCL, SDC, and IFC
The computer can set all devices on the HP-IB system to a predeﬁned
or initialized state by sending the device clear command, DCL. The
computer can also set selected devices to a predefined or initialized
state by sending a selected device clear command, SDC, along with the
addresses of the devices. The basic difference is that devices will obey
SDC only if they are addressed to listen, whereas DCL clears all de­
vices on the bus. The interface clear command, IFC, is used by the
computer to override all bus operations and return the bus to a known
quiescent state.
Upon receipt of either a DCL, SDC, or IFC command, the plotter resets
the I/O to begin accepting a new instruction, and disables any current
output. Any partially parsed HP—GLinstruction or parameters will be
lost.
The device clear and interface clear commands do not reset parameters
in the plotter to their default values. They are not the same as the
HP—GLcommands,
DF or IN.
Serial and Parallel Polling
Polling is the process used by the computer to determine which device
on the HP-IB bus has initiated a require service message. The condi­
tions which will cause the require service message to be sent to the
computer are deﬁned by the input mask instruction, IM, in Chapter 1.
TheSerial Poll
A serial poll enables the computer to learn the status or condition of
devices on the bus. It is commonly used by the computer to determine
who is requiring service.
The serial poll is so named because the computer polls devices one at a
time rather than all at once. The plotter will respond to a serial poll by
sending the status byte as describedunder the output status instruction,
OS (Chapter 7). The S-mask parameter of the input mask instruction,
IM, is used to specify which status byte conditions will send the service
request message and when polled, respond with request service. Unless
the user changes the S-mask value from the default setting of 0, the
plotter will never give a positive response to a serial poll, i.e., request
service (see The Input Mask Instruction, IM, Chapter 1). Bit position 6
of the status byte will be set to 1 (if the S-mask value is not 0)when any
of the conditions designated by the S-mask are true. Bit position 6 will
be set to 0 after all conditions which would cause a service request no
longer exist. See IM, Chapter 1, and OS, Chapter 7. Until bit position 6
has been reset to 0, no additional service request messages, and there­
fore, no responses to a serial poll are possible.
9-4
HP-IB INTERFACING
