<ASC>
This parameter should be omitted by entering only the
semicolon or the value 0 followed by the semicolon. To
enable Xon-Xoffhandshake, the next parameter, which
speciﬁes an Xon trigger character(s), must be included.
<ASC> . . .<ASC>
This is a list offrom 1to 10parameters, separated
by semicolons,which specifythe Xon trigger charac­
ter(s). Decimal equivalents of ASCII characters 0 to 127
are valid. The value 0 is not transmitted and will termi­
nate the string.
EXAMPLES See also the ESC . N instruction.
For Enquire/Acknowledge Handshake
. H132;19;20;7:
will set the block size to 132 bytes, the ASCII
character DC3 as the enquiry character, and the two characters, DC4 .
and Bell, as the acknowledgment string. Since ESC. H sets handshake
mode 1,the currently defined output initiator, output terminator, output
trigger character, and echo terminator, as well as both turnaround
delay and intercharacter delay, are used when the response string, DC4
Bell, is sent.
. I;5 ;6: will set the block size to its default value of 80 bytes, the
ASCII character ENQ as the enquiry character, and the single ASCII
character ACK as the acknowledgment string. Only the turnaround
delay, intercharacter delay, and immediate response string, if any, are
used when sending the response. No output initiator will precede it,
even if one is defined, and no output terminator will follow it.
For Xon-XoffHandshake
. I81 ;;17: will set the Xoff threshold level to 81 (the Xoff character
will be sent when 81 empty bytes remain in the plotter’s buffer) and set
the Xon trigger character to DC1.The second parameter is defaulted as
required for this handshake. The Xoff trigger character must be set
using the ESC . N command. Transmittal of the Xon and Xoff trigger
characters is subject only to turnaround and intercharacter delays, if
any are specified. No output initiator will precede them, even if one is
deﬁned, and no output terminator will followthem.
The Abort Device Control Instruction,
ESC . J
DESCRIPTION The abort device control instruction,
ESC. J, aborts
any device control instruction that may be partially decoded or executed.
M
This instruction may be used in an initialization sequence
when you first access the plotter.
RS-232-C/CCITT V.24INTERFACING
10-31
