ESC/POS Command Specifications
20
Rev.2.52
2-3 Expanding Print Data to the Print Region 
The following are performed when expanding print data to the print region.  
(1)	
The print region is set by ESCW, ESCW sets the left side as the print region origin (X0, y0) at the point all 	
	
operations for previous printings and paper feeds are completed received by the printer.  The square shape 	
	
formed by the two sides of the dx pitch in the X direction (horizontal direction) including the origin and the dy 	
	
pitch in the Y direction (vertical direction) from the origin (x0, y0) is the print region (When ESCW is not set, 	
	
the initial value is the print region).  
(2)	
If the print region is set by ESCW and print direction is set by ESCT, the point A in the figure 2.3.1 is the ini	
	
tial value and print data expands to the print region when the printer receives the print data.  In the case of 	
	
characters, this starting point is the base line.  Download bit images and bar codes are expanded for the top 	
	
of the base line using the lower left point of the image data as the base line (Fig. 2.3.2 Point B) However, the 	
	
HRI characters that come below the bar codes are printed below the base line.  When trying to expand char	
	
acters that are taller than standard characters (double-tall characters) or download bit images, the portion that 	
	
is beyond the height of standard characters is not printed.  
(3)	
If print data is outside of the print region (including the space right of the character) before receiving the com	
	
mands (LF, ESCJ, etc.) accompanying a line feed, a line feed is automatically performed in the print region 	
	
and the expanding position of the print data is moved one line and the next expansion position becomes the 	
	
head of the line.  The line feed amount is the line feed amount set by ESC2 and ESC3.  
(4)	
The initial value of the line feed amount when using basic calculated pitch correction of 180 DPI is 4.23 mm 	
	
(1/6 inch).  This is equivalent to 33 dots.  Therefore, when using expanded characters that are beyond the 	
	
double-tall size in the vertical direction in the next line of print data, download bit images that are larger than 	
	
two lines or bar codes that are taller than characters, the line amount will be insufficient and the upper dots of 	
	
the characters in the next print data will overlap, so the amount of line feed must be increased.  The line feed 	
	
amount of the first line in the example below must be more than 28 dots (Fig. 3.12.4).  
<Ex.>	  When printing a download bit image for 6 bytes in the vertical direction: 
	
(Vertical dot count (8 x 6) – Starting line feed amount (20)) x Basic calculated pitch conversion in the vertical 	
	
direction (360/180)  =  56 
	
Therefore, the line feed must be 56 pitches (28 dots) in excess.  
	
ESCW, xL, xH, yL, yH, dxL, dxH, dyL, dyH
	
ESCTn
	
ESC354	
← Additional line feed amount
	
LF
	
GS/1
	
ESC2	 	
← Returns to a line feed amount of 4.23 mm (1/6 inch) 
Note:	
The basic calculated pitch is 1/180 horizontally and 1/360 vertically with default, so a differences is 
generated with the position specification according to the print direction.  By setting the basic calculated 
pitch in the vertical direction to 1/180 using a command (GSP), a difference will not be generated by print 
direction.  
STAR	 The page print region setting, print data expansion position, line feed, position movement amount in the page 	
	
mode are affected by the basic calculated pitch correction.   
	
For details, see the command details for GSP (basic calculated pitch specification) and ESCW (print region 	
	
setting command).  
