ESC/POS Command Specifications
169
Rev.2.52
FS S n1 n2 
Name	
Set Chinese character space amount
Code	
ASCII	
FS	
S	
n1	
n2
	
Hex.	
1C	
53	
n1	
n2
	
Decimal	
28	
83	
n1	
n2
Defined Region	
0 ≤ n1 ≤ 255
	
0 ≤ n2 ≤ 255
Initial Value	
n1 = 0,n2 = 0
Function 	
Sets the Chinese character left and right space amounts.  
	
•	Left space amount: n1 x (basic calculated pitch)  
	
•	Right space amount: n2 x (basic calculated pitch)  
Details 	
•	The space amount set by this command is the amount when using standard sized 
characters.  
	
	 When expanding characters more than double in the horizontal direction, the space amount 
is [set amount x horizontal direction magnification].  
	
•	Space amount can be set independently for both the standard and page modes.  
	
•	The basic calculated pitch is set by GSP (Set basic calculated pitch).  Also, after setting 
the Chinese character space amount, it is not affected even if the basic calculated pitch is 
changed.  
	
•	If there are fractions in the result, correct to the minimum mechanical pitch and discard.  
	
•	Use the basic calculated pitch (x) for the horizontal direction in standard mode.  
	
• The Kanji character width is (“left space amount” + “Kanji font dot count” + “right space 
amount”) x (basic calculated pitch). 
	
	 (See the information on character specifications in the appropriate printer specifications 
manual for details on the Kanji font dot count.))
	
•	In page mode, the basic calculated pitch that is used according to the starting point is shown 
below.  
	
a. When the starting point is specified to be upper left or lower right by the ESC T command 
(Character print direction selection in page mode), the basic calculated pitch (x) for the 
horizontal direction is used.  
	
b. When the starting point is specified to be upper right or lower left by the ESC T command, 
the basic calculated pitch (y) for the vertical direction is used.  
	
c. The maximum value for the left or right space for Chinese characters is approximately 
35.893 mm (255/180 inches).  Specifications that exceed the maximum value are rounded off 
to that value.  
STAR	
•	This command is ignored when the memory switch location of use is specified as SBCS 
(single byte countries).  
Reference 	
GS P
