ESC/POS Command Specifications
67
Rev.2.52
ESC W xL xH yL yH dxL dxH dyL dyH 
Name	
Set print region in page mode 
Code	
ASCII	
ESC	
W	
xL 	
xH 	
yL 	
yH 	 dxL 	 dxH 	 dyL 	 dyH
	
Hex.	
1B	
57	
xL 	
xH 	
yL 	
yH 	 dxL 	 dxH 	 dyL 	 dyH
	
Decimal	
27	
87 	
xL 	
xH 	
yL 	
yH 	 dxL 	 dxH 	 dyL 	 dyH
Defined Region	
0 ≤ xL, xH, yL, yH, dxL, dxH, dyL, dyH ≤ 255
	
However, this excludes dxL = dxH = 0 or dyL = dyH = 0
Initial Value	
xL = xH = yL = yH = 0
	
See Appendix-5 for details relating to dxL, dxH, dyL, dyH. 
Function 	
Sets the print region position and size.  
	
• Horizontal direction starting point [(xL + xH x 256) x basic calculated pitch] 
	
• Vertical direction starting point [(yL + yH x 256) x basic calculated pitch] 
	
• Horizontal direction length [(dxL + dxH x 256) basic calculated pitch]
	
• Vertical direction length = [(dyL + dyH x 256) basic calculated pitch]
Details 	
• In standard mode, the printer executes only internal flag operations with this command is 
input.  
	
• If the horizontal direction starting point or vertical direction starting point is outside of the 
printable region, the command is stopped and normal printing commences from subsequent 
data.  
	
•	If the horizontal direction length or vertical direction length is 0, the command is stopped and 
normal printing commences from subsequent data.  
	
•	The character expansion starting point is the point specified by selecting the character 
printing direction (ESC T) in page mode in the print region.  
	
•	If (horizontal direction starting position + horizontal direction length) exceeds the printable 
region in the horizontal direction, the horizontal direction length is set to (horizontal direction 
printable region - horizontal direction starting point).  
	
•	If (vertical direction starting position + vertical direction length) exceeds the printable region 
in the vertical direction, the vertical direction length is set to (vertical direction printable region 
- vertical direction starting point).  
	
•	The basic calculated pitch is set by GSP (Set basic calculated pitch).  Also, the set printing 
region is not changed even if the basic calculated pitch is changed after setting the print 
region.  
	
•	If the calculation results in fractions, the pitch is corrected to a minimal mechanical pitch and 
the rest is discarded.  
	
•	The basic calculated pitch (x) is used in the calculated pitch for the horizontal direction 
starting point and the length in the horizontal direction; and the basic calculated pitch (y) 
is used in the calculated pitch for the vertical direction starting point and the length in the 
vertical direction.  
	
•	The print region shown in the figure below when the horizontal direction starting is X; the 
vertical direction starting point is Y; the horizontal direction length is Dx; and the vertical 
direction length is Dy.  
	
•	See Appendix-5 for details on print regions.  
