Extended ESC/P 2 Programming Guide        R-99
Extended ESC/P 2 Programming Guide
To accommodate the high-resolution color graphics available to the Stylus
COLOR and later inkjet printer models, EPSON has expanded the ESC/P 2
command set. The Stylus COLOR and later high-resolution ink jet printers are
fully EPSON ESC/P 2 compliant. They support four multipoint fonts, the new
MicroWeave command, and four raster graphics modes:
Standard raster graphics
Uncompressed raster graphics printing (ESC . 0)
Compressed raster graphics—Run Length Encoding (RLE) (ESC . 1)
Extended raster graphics (Stylus COLOR and later inkjet models only)
Compressed raster graphics—TIFF (ESC . 2)
To select one of these four raster graphics modes, set the c parameter in the print
raster graphics command ESC . c v h m nL nH d1 . . . dk as follows:
c
mode
0
Uncompressed raster graphics
1
RLE compression
2
TIFF compression
The TIFF mode command is only implemented in the Stylus COLOR and later
inkjet model printers. These commands also make use of a subset of binary mode
commands new to the ESC/P 2 command language. The Stylus COLOR is, of
course, backward compatible with the ESC/P command language. To make full
use of the new commands and features supported by the Stylus COLOR, we
suggest writing an ESC/P 2 color printer driver specifically for this model. In
addition, all future color printers, both ink jets and SIDMs, will include the
expanded ESC/P 2 commands. By incorporating a new color printer driver in
your application, you will be able to take full advantage of the program’s
powerful color features when printing with EPSON’s high-resolution printers.
MicroWeave technology
The MicroWeave feature added to the ESC/P 2 command set reduces the
banding—uniform horizontal lines in graphics—usually associated with serial
printers. The command syntax is ESC ( i 01 00 n, where n = 0 MicroWeave off
(default), and n = 1 MicroWeave on. Banding is caused by the misalignment of
printed dots at the boundary of two adjacent raster bands owing to mechanical
limitations of the printer. MicroWeave technology compensates for these
limitations by moving the print head in smaller vertical increments than the
height of a non-MicroWeave raster band and firing the nozzles in a staggered
sequence. This process shortens the band heights, making them less distinct.
To use MicroWeave, the band height (m) in the ESC . command must be set to 1.
This feature also increases printing time, but it completely eliminates banding
and yields sharp, near photographic-quality color images. For more information
about this command, see its description in Individual Command Explanations.
