Glossary        G-3
CMYK
Cyan (blue-green), magenta, yellow, and black. These colored inks, also known as process
colors, are used to create the subtractive system array of printed colors.
compression
A method of reducing the amount graphics data sent to the printer during raster graphics
printing. In standard compressed raster graphics, two bytes of data (a counter byte and a
data byte) can specify up to 1,016 dots. Also, repetitive and nonrepetitive data can be sent in
the same data string. See also TIFF compressed mode.
condensed printing
Printing in which the characters are spaced approximately 40% to 50% closer than normal.
Useful for fitting wide tables or spreadsheets onto the paper.
continuous paper
Paper that has sprocket-feed holes on each side, is perforated between pages, and comes in
a folded stack. Also called fanfold paper.
control code
Special codes used to control printer functions, such as performing a carriage return or line
feed. Many control codes also have characters assigned to them; you can print these
characters after using commands to change from control-code to character printing.
cpi
See characters per inch.
cps
See characters per second.
cut sheets
See single-sheet paper.
cut-sheet feeder
A device that automatically feeds single sheets of paper into the printer.
decimal
A number expressed in powers of 10. The decimal system uses base 10, in which all
numbers are represented by the digits 1 to 9, with 0 used as a place holder.
default
The value or setting that is in effect when a printer is turned on, reset, or initialized.
Defaults are sometimes affected by DIP-switch or panel setting.
DIP switch
Stands for dual in-line package switch. Small switches included on most printers used for
selecting various features or default settings.
dot matrix
A method of printing in which each character is formed by printing a pattern (matrix) of
dots based on the number of dots in the print head.
dots per inch (dpi)
Measures the resolution of an image. See also resolution.
