Set the Printing Area        R-13
Setting top and bottom margins
ESC/P 2
ESC/P 2 provides the ESC ( c command for setting both top and bottom margins.
This allows the printing area settings to match the actual paper.
The top and bottom margin settings are based on the unit defined with the ESC (
U command. If using continuous paper, you should have already defined this
unit when you set the page length with the ESC ( c command. If not, see the
description of the ESC ( U command in the Command Summary and “Setting the
page length” in this section.
Note:
• 
Measure top and bottom margins from the top edge of the page.
• 
The distance from the top edge of the page to the bottom-margin position
must be less than the page length; otherwise, the end of the page length
becomes the bottom-margin position.
• 
Setting the top and bottom margins cancels previous top or bottom-margin
settings.
• 
Changing the defined unit does not affect previously set top and bottom-
margin settings.
• 
Always set the top and bottom margins before paper is loaded or when the
print position is at the top-of-form position. Otherwise, the current print
position becomes the top-of-form position (this results in undesirable
contradictions between the actual and logical page settings).
The following command sets a top and bottom margin of 1 inch when the unit is
defined as 1/360 inch and 8 1/2 by 11-inch paper is used.
ESC ( c 4 0 104 1 16 14
Sets a top margin of 1 inch (360 units) and a bottom
margin 10 inches (3,600 units) below the paper’s top
edge.
Setting bottom margin
ESC/P
9-Pin ESC/P
When using continuous paper on non-ESC/P 2 printers, set the bottom margin
with the ESC N command. The printer then automatically moves the print
position to the top-of-form position of the next page when it receives a FF
command, or when the print position moves below the bottom-margin position.
The ESC N command sets the bottom margin in lines above the top-of-form
position of the following page; you must first set the line spacing.
