C O N F I D E N T I A L
Paper roll
Customize commands     GS ( E
 
Ver. 10.13
p. 780
■In any of the following cases, the parameter after sb can be omitted. However, “;” cannot be omitted 
even if the parameter is omitted.
•
When the origin of layout is “paper layout is not used” (sa = 48).
•
When the origin of layout (sa) is omitted.
•
When the origin of layout is the same type as currently specified origin of layout.
Example (sb, sc, sg, sh is omitted): GS ( E pL pH fn a ; ; ; sd ; se ; sf ; ; ;
■When “paper layout is not used” is specified as the origin of layout (sa = 48), the setting value of the 
layout of vertical and horizontal direction is “nothing is set” even if you make those settings with the 
parameter after sb. “;” cannot be omitted even if the parameter is omitted.
■The effective value used in the actual print operation is calculated based on the setting value of this 
function, paper width, limited value of the mechanical structure (mechanical pitch or position of print 
head and so on). The setting value and effective value can be acquired by Function 50.
■When you replace roll paper with a new one with another layout, set the new paper layout with this 
function: 
•
When the power is turned on, including recover from resetting, or the roll paper cover is closed, the 
printer performs as if the origin of the layout is “none.” (The setting in NV memory is not overwritten.) 
•
When printing or paper feeding is being processed, a “paper layout error” occurs. Details of the paper 
layout error vary depending on the models.
■Paper layout set is valid until the following operations are executed. They are not initialized by power off 
or ESC @.
•
Execution of this function or function 48.
•
Execution of GS ( A (m = 48)
•
Execution of automatic setting mode of paper layout by panel operation when the power is turned on.
[Model-dependent variations]
TM-J2000/J2100, TM-T90, TM-T20, TM-T88IV, TM-T88V, TM-T70, TM-L90, 
TM-P60, TM-U220
TM-J2000/J2100, TM-T90, TM-T20, TM-T88IV, TM-T88V, TM-T70, TM-P60, TM-U220
This printer does not support this function.
