C O N F I D E N T I A L
Paper roll
Miscellaneous commands     DLE DC4 (fn = 2)
 
Ver. 10.13
p. 431
•
When DIP switch or memory switch (BUSY condition) is off: offline, receive buffer full, or error status
■This command is effective when the printer is disabled by ESC = (select peripheral device).
■All information and data stored in RAM will be deleted by processing this command.
■When the printer has executed setup of power off processing, the printer transmits the power-off notice 
as shown below to the host.
■Maintenance counter values are maintained by executing this command; therefore the maintenance 
counter values will be more accurate if the user uses this command before turning off the power switch.
■When you use this command, obey the following rules.
•
When host PC transmits the function data, transmit the next data after receiving the corresponding 
data (header ~ NULL) from the printer.
•
When operating with a serial interface, be sure to configure operation so that the host computer uses 
the printer only when it is READY.
•
When operating with a parallel interface, the data sent by this function (starting with Header and 
ending with NUL), as with other data, is first stored in the send buffer, then output in sequential order 
when the host computer changes to the reverse mode. Note that the send buffer capacity is 99 bytes, 
and any data exceeding this volume limit will be lost; therefore, when using this command, it is 
important to configure the operation so that the host computer’s change to the reverse mode and the 
subsequent status send/receive process is performed quickly.
■The power-off notice can be differentiated from other transmission data according to specific data of the 
transmission data block. When the header transmitted from the printer is [Hex=3BH/Decimal=59], treat 
NUL [hex = 00H/decimal =0] as a data group and identify it according to the combination of the header 
and the identifier. 
Power-off notice
Hex
Decimal
Data quantity
Header
3BH
59
1 byte
Identifier
30H
48
1 byte
NUL
00H
0
1 byte
