C O N F I D E N T I A L
Paper roll
Bit-image commands     GS ( L GS 8 L
 
Ver. 10.13
p. 255
•
b specifies the number of colors for the defined data. 
•
xL and xH specify the number of dots in the horizontal direction as (xL + xH × 256). 
•
yL and yH specify the number of dots in the vertical direction as (yL + yH × 256). 
•
c specifies the color of the defined data.
•
d specifies the defined data (column format). 
•
k indicates the number of the definition data. k is an explanation parameter; therefore it does not 
need to be transmitted.
■In cases where the specified key code already exists in memory, it will be necessary to overwrite the data. 
[Notes]
■NV graphics indicate image data groups defined in the printer’s internal non-volatile memory. Data 
definitions for NV graphics data created using this command are valid until redefined by this function or 
function 67. 
■The functions used to define NV graphics data are this function and Function 67. Even with printer models 
that support both, it is recommended that only one of the functions be used for data definition tasks. 
•
The two functions differ only in that one function (this function) defines data in raster format, while 
the other (Function 67) defines data in column format. The domains and control information are 
identical. 
•
In cases where the key code specified by this function coincides with a key code being used by 
Function 67, a new data definition is created. 
■Use this function at the beginning of the line when the standard mode is selected. 
■This function is incompatible with macros, so make sure to avoid including it when defining macros. 
■In cases where there is insufficient capacity available for storing NV graphics data, this function cannot be 
used. Use Function 51 to confirm the available capacity in the NV graphics data area. 
■One option is to delete items of NV graphics data that were previously defined to the same key code.
c
Color specification
49 Color 1 
50 Color 2
51 Color 3
