C O N F I D E N T I A L
Paper roll
Customize commands     GS ( E
 
Ver. 10.13
p. 713
The settings of [Msw8-1] and [Msw8-2] affect the recovery operation from the paper layout error.
•
Setting of [Msw 8-4] affects the performance as follows:
■Executing “Automatic paper layout setting mode function (m = 64)” of GS ( A 
■Executing “Automatic paper layout setting mode function” by panel operation when turning 
on the power
■Executing “Automatic Paper Recognition Function.” (The function is automatically executed 
when the printer has no setting of paper layout setting.)
•
Setting of [Msw 8-5] affects the performing of command GS k.
•
Settings of [Msw 8-6] affect the initializing operation when the power is turned on, when the paper layout 
(origin of layout) is “bottom of a label” or “top of a black mark.“ Paper layout can be set by this function 
(Function 49) or “automatic setting of paper layout” function (by GS ( A (m = 64) or panel operation).
•
When [Msw 8-6] is set to b = 49 (does not perform paper feed to the print starting position when power is 
turned on), printer performs assuming that paper is set to the print starting position. Therefore, the user 
should note the following.
 a) Turn off the power after feeding paper to the print starting position.
8-7
50
Reserved
8-8
48
Roll paper cover open during printing: automatic recoverable error
49
Roll paper cover open during printing: recoverable error
[Msw8-1]
[Msw8-2]
Recovery operation from error
OFF
Can recover from the error by pressing the FEED button or by executing DLE ENQ. While 
the printer recovers from the error, paper layout is measured automatically and paper is 
fed to the label print starting position and the paper layout stored in the non-volatile 
memory is rewritten. When the peeling issuing mode is selected, the printer will be in the 
label removal state when paper layout is automatically measured. Operators should 
remove the label.
ON
Can recover by executing DLE ENQ. While the printer recovers from the error, paper is fed 
to the label print starting position. Change the setting of the paper layout stored in the 
non-volatile memory so that it matches the currently used paper layout. See function 49 
of this command for setting the paper layout.
