C O N F I D E N T I A L
Paper roll
Bit-image commands     GS ( L GS 8 L
 
Ver. 10.13
p. 293
❏ Specify left margin as 0, and the horizontal position to a position that is a multiple of 8, and 
specify the horizontal size of the graphic to the dot which is the multiple of 8.
(Example: the left margin = 0, horizontal position = 8, 16, or 24, 32, etc., (xL + xH × 256) = 64, 128, or 
256 etc.)
❏ Specify the scaling to the original size (bx = 1, by = 1).
❏ Specify the size of image data not to exceed the current print area.
❏ A graphic that exceeds the size limit of (yL + yH × 256) can be printed by the repeated use of the 
combination of this function and <Function 50> of this command. In that case, the performance 
may be best when the vertical size is specified less than half of the domain by this function. The 
most suitable vertical size depends on the specifications of the PC, the interface used and other 
factors.
With the above method, if banding appears in the print results and the processing time is not 
reduced, it is possible that data transmission from the PC is not fast enough for the processing 
time of the printer. Check the PC data transmission speed.
If there is a problem with the PC, it may be possible to prevent banding occurring by slowing 
down printing speed with GS ( K <Function 50> or by increasing the number of head energizing 
strokes with GS ( K <Function 97>, but the performance will decrease.
TM-P60
This function cannot be used when the printer enters the “beginning of the line” or “data in print 
buffer” state during the standard mode.
The dot density and maximum print area are the same as Function 69. See the model information 
of Function 69.
Use the following settings for fastest processing time.
❏ Not RS-232 serial interface communication.
❏ Specify standard mode.
❏ Specify left margin as 0, and the horizontal position to a position that is a multiple of 8.
(Example: the left margin = 0, horizontal position = 0, 8, 16, or 24, etc.)
❏ Specify the scaling to the original size (bx = 1, by = 1).
