C O N F I D E N T I A L
Paper roll
Bit-image commands     GS ( L GS 8 L
 
Ver. 10.13
p. 226
•
Graphics [Functions 50, 112, and 113]
Stores data in the print buffer. 
When standard mode is selected, prints data using Function 50 and clears the print buffer.
When page mode is selected, prints data using FF and ESC FF and clears the print buffer after FF is 
executed.
[Notes]
■The functions of this command are determined by the (fn) setting. Actual command operation varies 
according to function. 
■The NV graphics and download graphics data is managed using key codes. 
•
Expressed as kc1 and kc2, the key codes are used to identify data groups. 
•
The key codes have a 2-byte configuration and can be specified using the full range of character codes 
in Hexadecimal: 20H to 7EH /  in Decimal: 32 to 126. 
•
The data referred to here is image data specified using d1 through dk of Functions 67, 68, 83, and 84. 
•
The printer automatically adds control information when it stores the data. The image data domain is 
used as the control information. Control information formats and data values vary according to 
function. 
■Note that it is not possible to create definitions for both NV graphics data (this command) and NV bit 
image data (FS q). NV bit image data definitions are deleted when this command is used. 
■Note that it is not possible to create definitions for both download graphics data (this command) and 
download bit image data (GS ✻). Download bit image data definitions are deleted when this command is 
used. 
■With certain printers, it is not possible to create definitions for both download graphics data (this 
command) and download character data (ESC &). 
•
Defined download character data is deleted when this command is used. 
•
Executing ESC & deletes download graphics data. 
■Always execute Function 50 after executing this command 112 or 113 when the standard mode is selected. 
■When printing the various types of graphics data, using the ESC U command will ensure that the printed 
results are properly aligned vertically by printing in a single direction. 
■Functions 65, 66, 67, or 68 write data to a non-volatile memory. Note the following items when using the 
function. 
