  
 
1.1.3. Communic
ation Protocol 
 
1)  General description of operations in the DTR mode 
This mode abides by the DIP switch settings.  (Ex-factory settings) 
This mode performs communication while handshaking with the DTR signals.  In the operations to receive printer data, 
this mode controls the DTR signals by confirming the BUSY signal.  A SPACE indicates that the printer is ready to 
receive data; conversely, a “mark” indicates that the printer cannot receive data. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
<When ON-LINE> 
 
 
    RXD 
 
   DATA                             DATA                          DATA 
 
If there is no printer error after turning ON the power, the DTR signal line is set to a SPACE.  When the host computer 
confirms that the DTR signal line is a SPACE, it sends the data text to the RXD signal line.  The printer sets the DTR 
signal line to a “Mark” after the empty area of the data buffer reaches a maximum of 256 bytes.  When the host 
computer confirms that the DTR signal line is a Mark, it stops the transmission of data text to the printer buffer, but at this 
point as well, the printer is still capable of receiving data, up to the amount of empty space in the data buffer.  If the host 
computer ignores the DTR signal and transmits data, all data exceeding the amount of space in the data buffer is simply 
discarded.  The printer sets the DTR signal line to SPACE again when the amount of empty space in the data buffer 
increased because of the printing and the data in the buffer is a maximum of 256 bytes.  As the empty area in the data 
buffer increases because of printing, the printer sets the DTR signal line to “SPACE.”  
 
 
 
2)  Buffer full/Buffer full cancel in the DTR mode 
 
Full 
 
  Near Full                                     Near Empty 
  
Empty 
Buffer  
Empty area: 512 bytes 
Empty area: 256 bytes 
 
DTR "Mark"                                                                           DTR "SPACE" 
 
 
 
 
 
    DTR          
 
                            
 
Printing 
 
 
 
 
Power ON     Buffer full               Buffer empty 
 
 
<When out of paper> 
 
 
    RXD                                  OFF-LINE                                                          ON-LINE 
 
 
 
    DTR                                                                                                             ON-LINE Recovery  
 
 
 
Printing                 
Out of paper 
 
 
 
No paper signal 
 
 
                      Power ON 
――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――― 
STAR Line Mode Command Specifications 
1-2 
